Article 1: General
The "Receipt and Payment Code Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is between Shenzhen Shinian Network Technology Co., Ltd.'s iCan Chat APP (hereinafter referred to as "iCan Chat APP") and you (refer to the individual or company legal person that accepts the payment code service). And related organizations, etc., hereinafter referred to as "you") valid contracts concluded in Shenzhen for the "receipt and payment code service".

Before you use this service, please read this agreement carefully (especially the content marked in bold). If you click to confirm through the web page or choose to accept this agreement in other ways, you agree to accept all the content of this agreement.

If you have any questions about the terms of this agreement, please contact customer service for consultation, iCan Chat APP will explain the terms to you. If you do not agree to any content of this agreement, or cannot accurately understand the content of the terms, please do not proceed.

"Payment code service" means that the user can pay you after scanning the QR code you applied for, or you can pay the user by scanning the user's QR code, iCan Chat APP transfers the money to you or the user's designated bank account registered with the Service. Hereinafter referred to as "receipt and payment service" or "this service"

 Article 2: Your rights and obligations
(1) You promise to abide by national laws, regulations, relevant regulations of iCan Chat APP and various social public interests or public morals when using the "receipt code service", and you shall not use this service for risky transactions such as fraud and cashing. You are solely responsible for the consequences and responsibilities arising from your use of this service to engage in illegal activities or improper transactions, and iCan Chat APP has the right to terminate the service provided to you.

(2) You guarantee that the information you provide is true, accurate, complete and effective. You shall bear the losses caused by the untrue or incomplete information provided by you. You must fill in the relevant page information correctly. You make sure that the bank debit card information you fill in is correct and valid, and that the bank card is yours. If you apply for this service through your existing account, you should ensure that the account is yours. If you fill in the wrong information or the account is not owned by you, you should bear the corresponding legal responsibility, and iCan Chat APP has the right to refuse to provide services.

(3) You understand and agree that for this service, iCan Chat APP will transfer the money successfully paid by others to you into the account balance you filled out on the relevant page. The specific time of receipt is subject to the support of each bank. You understand that due to holidays or non-working days and the different requirements of various banks, there may be delays in receiving funds. Please understand that the transfer limit may change or change, and the actual support shall prevail.

(4) When you use this service, you must abide by the relevant business regulations of each bank at the same time.

(5) Agree to bear all legal risks and responsibilities when downloading and using this software service.

(6) Please keep the receipt and payment code you applied for to prevent any loss of funds. The media, materials, etc. of the receipt and payment code you display should be placed within the control range and sight of you or your designated cashier. Please use protective cover, protective box and other physical protection measures to prevent the barcode from being covered, replaced, defaced or damaged. Tampering, and regular inspection of the bar code media and materials to prevent physical protection from being damaged or destroyed.

Article 3: Rights and Obligations of iCan Chat APP
(1) If it is found that the information you filled in is not true, or your use of the "receipt code service" violates relevant national laws, regulations and rules, or violates this agreement or related rules, or violates the rights of other third parties, iCan Chat APP has the right to ask you to provide relevant materials to explain or directly make processing including suspension, suspension, termination of processing or stop payment of related payments.

(2) In accordance with business development, risk control, regulatory policy requirements and changes in services provided by banks, iCan Chat APP may adjust the types of banks, bank cards or passbooks supported by the "Payment Code Service", or adjust the "Payment Code" The content of "service", such as upgrading, modifying, discontinuing the service, adjusting the charging method and price, limiting the collection limit, etc., but the iCan Chat APP will use email, mobile phone SMS, client push, and web page announcements before the adjustment Notify you by other means.

(3) In order to improve logistics efficiency and service experience, materials may be sent by iCan Chat APP itself or by a third-party supplier according to the receipt information provided by you. iCan Chat APP may send you updated materials for free so that you can enjoy better payment services. Please keep these receiving information true, accurate, legal, effective and pay attention to timely update. The iCan Chat APP will collect the information you fill in or update on the relevant pages, and the details are subject to the page prompts. In order to provide you with a better service and experience, avoid your repeated submission of information, and improve your digital business capabilities, so that you can further connect with users, you understand and agree that the information you enter will be synchronized to our affiliates. At the same time, in order to enhance your service experience and improve service quality, or recommend better or more suitable services for you, we will provide you with services such as collection record inquiry, cash withdrawal, and merchant rights activities through the APP.

(4) If the transaction is suspended or terminated due to bank audits, please cooperate with iCan Chat APP to provide relevant certification materials to the bank, otherwise the responsibility will be borne by you.

(5) Except as otherwise provided in this agreement, due to changes in national policies and business development markets, iCan Chat APP may terminate the provision of this service to you in advance, but iCan Chat APP will notify you at least 3 natural days before terminating the service You may announce it in the form of an announcement. After the iCan Chat APP terminates the provision of this service, if it is found that you have previously used behavior that violates the law or the purpose of this agreement, such as suspected of a new type of telecommunication network illegal crime, the iCan Chat APP can still require you to bear the corresponding compensation liability and have The right to immediately report to the public security organs and other relevant government agencies in accordance with the requirements of regulations and policies.
Article 4: Modification of Agreement
(1) Due to changes in national laws and regulations, market development, etc., iCan Chat APP may modify the relevant terms of this agreement. Once the relevant content changes, iCan Chat APP will send SMS messages, client PUSH or website announcements in advance via email, mobile phone prompt you to modify the content.

(2) If you do not agree to the changes made by iCan Chat APP to the relevant terms of this agreement, you should be able to stop using this service provided by iCan Chat APP. If the two parties reach an agreement, they can also change the relevant services and corresponding agreement content. If you continue to use the services provided by iCan Chat APP, you are deemed to agree to the modification of the relevant terms of this agreement and the "iCan Chat APP Service Agreement" and related supporting rules published by iCan Chat APP from time to time.

Article 5: Settlement of disputes
In the process of fulfilling this agreement, any dispute should be resolved through negotiation. If the negotiation fails, either party may bring a lawsuit to the people’s court where this agreement was signed.

Article 6 Interpretation of the agreement
The establishment, entry into force, performance and interpretation of this agreement shall be governed by the local laws of the country where the software is used.. The parts not specified in this agreement shall be performed in accordance with the "Service Agreement" and related supporting rules; if this agreement conflicts with the "Service Agreement" and related supporting rules, this agreement shall prevail.
